R Markdown documentation
RStudio's R Markdown documentation includes a series of tutorials that will help you learn about the main features of R Markdown, 
including code chunks, output formats, notebooks, interactive documents, and more. The tutorials include online lessons 
that you can complete directly in your RStudio Cloud workspace. 
https://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/lesson-1.html

R Markdown reference materials
RStudio has developed a reference guide and a cheat sheet that you can bookmark and use whenever you practice writing R Markdown files.  


T​he R Markdown Reference Guide contains three sections: Markdown syntax, knitr chunk options, and Pandoc options. 
The guide is super detailed and includes tons of examples and explanations so that you can easily find the exact information you need to customize your 
R Markdown documents. 
https://www.rstudio.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/rmarkdown-reference.pdf?_ga=2.49295910.1034302809.1602760608-739985330.1601281773

T​he R Markdown Cheat Sheet is a convenient summary of the different steps and workflow processes for R. 
It also includes sections with abbreviated explanations of knitr and pandoc chunk options, and other useful information to review or look up while you work. 
https://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/lesson-15.html

R for Data Science book
For a well-organized introduction to the basics of R Markdown, check out the Communicate section of the R for Data Science book. 
It covers the main features and functions of R Markdown, the various output formats, and the workflow for combining text and code to create an analysis notebook.
https://r4ds.had.co.nz/communicate-intro.html

R Markdown: The Definitive Guide 
If you want to really explore the capabilities of R Markdown in a systematic way, R Markdown: 
The Definitive Guide provides a comprehensive guide to the R Markdown ecosystem. This book contains four main parts:
https://bookdown.org/yihui/rmarkdown/

Part I explains how to install the relevant packages and offers an overview of R Markdown, including the syntax for Markdown and code chunks.

Part II provides detailed documentation of the built-in output formats included in R Markdown, like document formats and presentation formats. 

Part III shares several R Markdown extension packages that allow you to build different applications or generate output documents with different styles. 

Part IV covers advanced topics in R Markdown. 
